Welcome to your Get Schooled Interview Coaching session! Today we're going to practice interviewing for a job working at a restaurant. Remember, interviewing is a skill set anyone can become proficient in with practice. The point of today's exercise is to begin that process so that you can nail your next real-life interview! Today's coaching session will take 15 minutes and I'll ask you ten questions. Given this, please be thoughtful about your time management so that you can get through all the questions. At the end of our conversation, I'll give you helpful feedback about what you did well, and how to improve for next time. To begin our conversation, please press the start button. I'll then pose my first question, and when you're done responding, please click the stop button that will soon appear. Please use this start/stop approach for each question. Ready when you are!
Great, let's begin! Can you please tell me why you want to work at a restaurant?
Super, thank you. Okay, let's dive a little bit deeper. What do you think are some of the key responsibilities of working in a restaurant?
Great, thanks. So do you have any experience working in a restaurant and, if not, do you have any work or life experiences that would help you excel in this kind of work environment?
That's great, thanks. Next question. What are you most excited to learn while working at a restaurant?
Outstanding, thank you. Okay so building on that last question, do you have any thoughts about how this experience might connect you to your longer term education, and/or career goals?
Okay, great. So let's dig a little deeper into restaurant dynamics. First, everybody knows restaurants can be extremely busy at times; given this, how would you go about prioritizing tasks when faced with multiple customers and orders all happening - say - during dinner time?
Splendid. Here's another one. Your co-worker has been making mistakes on the orders, leaving diners waiting for their food, getting distracted, and taking long breaks. What would you do in this situation, and how would you handle your relationship with your work colleague given their behavior?
Fantastic. Okay, here's the last hypothetical. How would you go about handling a customer who is frustrated by their order being made incorrectly - and complaining out loud about the disappointing service?
Fantastic, thanks. Here's our second to last question, and it's about managers. Almost everyone's got one! So, can you please describe a situation where you had to follow instructions or guidelines given by a manager or a teacher? How did you handle it and what was the outcome?
Outstanding, outstanding. Okay so for our last question let's get philosophical. What do you think sets a great restaurant experience apart from an average one, and how can a potential employee like you contribute to creating an outstanding experience?
Great, that's it - we're finished! Well done! I hope that was helpful in preparing you for your upcoming interviews. Click to generate your report on what you did well, and how you can improve for your next interview. Remember, you can practice as many times as you like and, if you found this helpful, please feel free to recommend it to your friends. Get Schooled is here to help you continue your education after high school, find your first jobs, and be successful in both!