Hey! Welcome to your Get Schooled Interview Coaching session! Today you'll practice interviewing for a job in retail. Remember, interviewing is a skill set that anyone can become proficient in with practice. The point of today's exercise is to begin that process so that you can nail your first real-life interview! Today's coaching session will take about 15 minutes, and I'll ask you 10 questions. Given this, please be thoughtful about your time management so that you can get through all the questions. At the end of our conversation, I'll give you helpful feedback about what you did well, and how you can improve for next time. To begin our conversation, please press the start button. I'll then pose my first question, and when you're all done , please click the stop button that will soon appear. Please use the start/stop approach for each question. Ready when you are!
Can you please tell me why you want to work in retail?
Awesome, thank you so much for that. Okay next, please tell me about your favorite retail store and why it's your favorite?
Great, I appreciate your thoughts. Let's dive a little bit deeper now. What role would you like to have with this retail company, and what do you think you'll learn in your ideal role?
Okay, outstanding. So tell us a little bit about how this role connects to your longer term education goals and also include how it connects to your career goals?
Okay awesome, this is great! Hey, one of the key responsibilities in retail is being a cashier and sometimes handling money. Can you please share a little bit about your experience of being a cashier, or how you would go about learning how to do this particular responsibility?
Okay, well let's talk a little bit about juggling. In a retail environment it's often the case that multiple customers are asking you to do things all at the same time. How would you handle these situations, and what strategies would you put in to use?
Awesome, thank you so much for that. So next, let's imagine a hypothetical situation with a customer. While walking the floor of the business you encounter someone who seems irritated. You check in and they explain to you that they live thirty minutes away, they called in advance to confirm a specific jacket was in stock, but it isn't. It's not even on the rack where it should be. How would you handle this situation?
Okay, yeah thanks for your thoughts. We've made terrific progress so far, and just have a couple more questions. The first is about teams. Getting along with your work colleagues is important, but it's also sometimes challenging. What strategies would you use to help ensure that you get along well with your teammates at work?
Oh okay. This is great. Here's my second to last question, and it's about managers. Almost everyone has one! Can you please describe a situation where you had to follow instructions or guidelines given by a manager, or even a teacher? How did you handle it and what was the outcome?
Outstanding. Okay, well for our last question, let's get a little philosophical. What do you think sets a great retail experience apart from an average one, and how can a potential employee, like yourself, contribute to creating an outstanding experience?
Outstanding. Hey, guess what, we're finished! Well done! I hope that this was helpful in preparing you for your upcoming interviews. Go ahead and click to generate your report on what you did well, and how you can improve for your next interview. And just remember, you can practice this as many times as you'd like and, if you found this helpful, please feel free to recommend it to your friends. Get Schooled is here to help you continue your education after high school, find your first jobs, and be successful in both!